Add a doc on how to include an upstream Theia patch into the Che-Theia release (#1032)
eclipse/che-theia: RELEASE.md

## Eclipse Che-Theia release process
See [Release Che-Theia](./.github/workflows/release.yml) workflow.

## Bugfix release with the upstream Theia commit included
To make another bugfix release of Che-Theia with the upstream Theia patch included, there're several options available.

### To include all the commits made before the required patch

> - update the `build.include` file for an interested Che-Theia tag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- update the `build.include` file to match upstream Eclipse Theia revision:
```

  - `THEIA_COMMIT_SHA="<commit-sha>"`
- continue the release process as usual

### To include only the required upstream commit

> - clone the Theia fork https://github.com/redhat-developer/codeready-workspaces-theia

Reviewer: what fork is it ? theia or che-theia or codeready workspaces ?

Author: It was the wrong link. I updated it with the correct one.

- sync the `master` branch of the forked repository with the origin one and push the changes
- take the Theia commit sha which was used for an interested Che-Theia release, e.g. for 7.27.x it's [`1110f990`](https://github.com/eclipse/che-theia/blob/7.27.x/build.include#L17)
- create a branch
- cherry-pick the required commit sha to the created branch and push the changes

> - update the `build.include` file for an interested Che-Theia tag:

Reviewer: `an interested Che-Theia tag` looks odd

Author: agree :slightly_smiling_face: 
rewritten

## Eclipse Che-Theia release process
See [Release Che-Theia](./.github/workflows/release.yml) workflow.

## Bugfix release with the upstream Theia commit included
To make another bugfix release of Che-Theia with the upstream Theia patch included, there're several options available.

### To include all the commits made before the required patch
- switch to the required Che-Theia tag, e.g. [7.27.x](https://github.com/eclipse/che-theia/blob/7.27.x)
- update the `build.include` file to match upstream Eclipse Theia revision:
  - `THEIA_COMMIT_SHA="<commit-sha>"`
- continue the release process as usual

### To include only the required upstream commit
- clone the Theia fork https://github.com/redhat-developer/eclipse-theia
- sync the `master` branch of the forked repository with the origin one and push the changes
- take the Theia commit sha which was used for a Che-Theia release, e.g. for 7.27.x it's [`1110f990`](https://github.com/eclipse/che-theia/blob/7.27.x/build.include#L17)
- create a new branch
- cherry-pick the required commit sha to the created branch and push the changes
- update the `build.include` file:

>   - `THEIA_GITHUB_REPO="redhat-developer/codeready-workspaces-theia"`

Reviewer: I think here it should be `redhat-developer/eclipse-theia` no ?

Author: sure, thx!

>   - `THEIA_GITHUB_REPO="redhat-developer/codeready-workspaces-theia"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `THEIA_GITHUB_REPO="redhat-developer/eclipse-theia"`
```
